went to the woolen place today
ruiner wool
on behalf of sparta and i especially have
for the rest soundbite competition year
nails is a difficult word but then
Just tell the greatest story so
if you
I stand here b regret and it is today
story the west for the first time
I think never before on women
white and it immediately became a beautiful woman
to it
yes yes I have a video of it there
made so different people can all
see how you like it while it is hot here
and does papa rijn advertised bit
knowing a lot is also such a knowing
spijk is already learning a bit
after turning and ejecting
and have you been much better today
spijk
you the rest first he was the first
base
papa loire did get help with the
get the best out there that should stay that way
I had worries yes flap yes and back
we also let this go to you a bit
can pay a little
but you will learn it
Oh
quiet at home or you have them all
if you did
do you feel no no no yes
do you feel what we care about you
to
it's him yes i'm running it
yes actually if you throw in right away
very ff on when she throws
immediately try to turn it on
otherwise the line goes over the
bobble one
here it is iwt yes he is very good how
goes it man
to
Yes
yes but try me out for you and
try it right away it 's all
know you want at the same time and
valve is closed, and in turn for its
jealousy that you cut may be true
my fish with sandra
yes all slowly and they can
still close to the edges at ted
oh yes yes he almost pocket than a
so that what you said I want to be like that
because yes and it can be low where flat
by the side we can still use them
bite
it is very long in the back
you still always always
doing open yes staying is about
throw yes of course it seems like dick
lick like that
teachers in sweden go yes then he sits
weather traffic yes but you still learn there
regret
also like to do you think so
you will do this more often
yes then i'll walk you if you get one right away
know how to close the lid immediately
can do and turn to connect with it
then if you should therefore now very hungry
data high and can not make release
for you yes yes you see your good
not a bit of a fall there yet
wild herbs over that then turns
about yes well now you're okay yes yes
yes it is a battle you still
throwing in the throw the rudder over it
yes i am still filming
I see you how you always what
better on and at the end of the afternoon
certainly coffee
watch runners i miss yes yes my big one
kind of like looking at ours i wish you
good luck and thanks yes hello can
you also have a story to because
in a nice room on you okay thanks bye